---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## What did you do this past week?

This week, I spent most of my time preparing for the upcoming career fair on Tuesday. I attended a Google technical interview workshop on campus and have been submitting applications to internship opportunities. I started working on project 2 for this class and also have been staying ahead of my homework and reading assignments. 

## What's in your way?

Currently, the career fair is the main thing in my way. I also have two exams on Thursday along with project 2 for this class due on the same day. It is a very busy week for me and I am just trying to power through all of the work I have to do before hand at the moment. I still have a lot of studying to do and I feel as though I can never be fully prepared for this career fair as I am not entirely sure what to expect because I have never been to one.

## What will you do next week?

Next week will be pretty stressful for me. I will be attending the career fair and then studying for my exams, which will be taking up a majority of my time this week. I am just hopeful that I will have enough time to finish the project for this class.  

## Experience in class:

In class this week, I really enjoyed having a guest speaker come in and talk about the company he works for and give us advice. The timing of everything in the past week and the next is pretty crazy for me due to everything I have going on. The project due date is intimidating me because of all the studying and career fair prep I have done and still have to do. My partner and I have been making decent progress and hopefully we will be able to finish in time.

## Tip or Pick of the week:

I have been doing a lot of research on career fairs and how to be successful at one and I have received a lot of good advice in my findings. The first thing I learned was to do your research on a company before you begin talking to a recruiter of that company and mold your elevator speech around your research. Another thing I found, which seems the most obvious, is to be yourself. I feel like this is probably forgotten for a lot of people because you want to make yourself look as good as you possibly can, which can backfire and end up ruining your chances. Another piece of advice that I found and will make sure I make use of is to talk to recruiters of companies that don't have long lines and you don't particularly have a lot of interest working at before you approach your top picks so you can practice interacting with recruiters and pick up on things that work and don't work based off of their reactions. 
