---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## What did you do this past week?

This week, I experienced a few road bumps near the end of the week. The majority of my time was spent doing homework, reading, and commuting to and from school. Towards the end of the week, I got careless with my sleep schedule and it set up how my week would end. I am currently raising an approximately five-week old kitten back to health after finding it abandoned with an infected cut around its eye. It has since regained its health and is no longer visible. This has been my outlet this week and kept me positive through the week. 

## What's in your way?

The current obstacle in my way is preparing for the career fair coming up next Tuesday. I am trying to prepare the best I can to succeed and am also dealing with anxiety as this will be the last summer in my undergraduate studies as I am set to graduate next Fall. I can definitely feel the pressure to find an internship and have been spending quite a bit of time preparing.

## What will you do next week?

Next week, I plan to begin project 2 for this class as soon as possible and remain ahead of my school work. I also plan to apply to the companies I wish to internship with over the summer and finalize my preparations for the career fair. 

## Experience in class:

In class this week, I ran into a couple of road bumps with project 1. The main issue I experienced was that I had a near complete project and when I went to run it on Travis CI, it stopped accepting it. It also stopped accepting previous successful commits. This scared me a bit and as a result, I spent hours trying to fix the problem. Come to find out, Travis CI had made some changes as discussed on piazza. Luckily, it randomly started working and I didn't have to mess with anything to get it to accept my work properly. In lecture, I have been trying to grasp the differences of pointers and references being used as return types, parameter types, etc. in combination with one another. 

## Tip or Pick of the week:

My tip for this week is to make sure you get enough sleep each and every night. This helps keep your brain refreshed and helps you reach your full potential. I used to not really care about sleep, but as I have approached the end of my years as an undergraduate, I have begun to realize that it is easier to pay attention in class and remain focused through lectures. This holds true for trying to knock out a bunch of reading assignments and other homework. I used to have to balance 40 hour work weeks with 12 hours of classes at UT and getting enough sleep was impossible. It was rough and now that I have stopped working to focus on finishing school, I can't help but realize little things that affected how miserable I was through that period. 
