---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## What did you do this past week?

This week, I got into a system that I plan to keep for the rest of the semester regarding studying and homework. My textbooks have finally arrived, so I have been trying to catch up on all the readings for the five classes I am taking. I also began the first project for this class. I also completed my LinkedIn profile and resume in preparation for submitting internship applications and the career fair towards the end of the month. Oh, and I celebrated my birthday this week! 

## What's in your way?

Currently, the biggest obstacle I am facing is learning how to use all of the tools required for this class on top of learning C++. I have never used any of the tools or coded in C++ before. Time is also presenting an issue due to the fact that I have close to 200 pages between all my textbooks to read. Thankfully, Monday is labor day and will give me the time I need to get all caught up.

## What will you do next week?

Next week I will be finishing project one and be all caught up on reading for my courses. This will give me time to do my algorithms and matrices homework. I am hoping to be able to stay ahead and keep some momentum going for the entire semester.

## Experience in class:

This week, lecture was filled with details regarding project one. It was really helpful to be able to spend time in class discussing the project and making a list of how we should approach completing project one. I think is was way more helpful than not discussing it in class and having to read a wall of text on the project page. Beginning the project seemed overwhelming at first due to all the new tools we are required to use, but once I got going, it really was not that bad, which leads me to my tip for this week. 

## Tip or Pick of the week:

My tip for this week is not just limited to school, but life in general. Don't let yourself get overwhelmed when a task intimidates you. Take it one step at a time and break it down into parts. Once you get started, everything starts to fall into place and each little piece of the problem gets solved in the process. Eventually, what was once an overwhelming task will be complete and you will be questioning why you were ever intimidated in the first place.
