---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## What did you do this past week?

This week was very stressful. On Tuesday, I attended the career fair. I spoke with many recruiters and I think it went well for it being my first career fair. It gave me some good experience in regards to talking about myself and what I have done in the computer science field. I am hoping to have some of my own projects completed by the next career fair in order to make myself stand out more and get more experience that I have not explored in coursework. After the career fair, I had to study for two back to back exams on Thursday along with finish the project for this class. I ended up doing well on both exams and somehow managed to finish the project on time. After Thursday, I just relaxed the rest of the week and continued applying for internships for the summer.

## What's in your way?

The only thing in my way right now is the exam for this class in a little under two weeks. I am not entirely sure how to prepare for it and what type of questions we will see on it. 

## What will you do next week?

Next week will be much less stressful for me. I have an exam for algorithms and a few little assignments due here and there. I am planning on getting back into my regular routine this week after the hectic week I just experienced.

## Experience in class:

In class this week, I unfortunately missed the guest speaker from the Jet Propulsion Lab, which I am a little upset about. If I wouldn't have had to study literally all day Wednesday, I would have attended class. One frustration that has arisen with project 2 is how GitHub classroom and Travis CI have been operating together. The fact that Travis CI was taking 2-3 hours to build was actually really annoying and I'm hoping we don't have to use this feature again as it is extremely counter-productive and didn't give me any confidence in my final submission. This is due to the fact that my final build in Travis CI did not actually start running until 2:30 in the morning and was committed to GitHub at 9 pm. 

## Tip or Pick of the week:

I have been doing a lot of interview preparation recently and have been using the book, Cracking the Coding Interview: 189 Programming Questions and Solutions (6th Edition) by Gayle Laakmann McDowell. I know this is a very common tool to use in the technology field for preparation, but it really is a helpful review of data structures and gives some good examples that I have been learning a great deal from. If anyone hasn't started using this yet, you definitely should. 
