---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week I applied to a bunch more internships and had the exam for this class, which I have mixed feelings about. I don't feel that I did very well on it. Other than that, it was not a very stressful week and it was just about keeping up with assignments due throughout the week.

## What's in your way?

This week the only thing in my way is waiting for my exam grade in this class. As stated before, I don't think it went well for me and I am very nervous about the results and how it will affect my performance in this class.

## What will you do next week?

This next week I will be spending a good amount of time on my side project that I have recently started. I plan to get a decent amount done so I will have something to show off in the future. I am also starting to study for exams because I will have a period of three weeks starting next week where I will have at least one exam every week and I don't want to have to cram for any of my exams. I am also planning on starting on project 3 for this class.

## Experience in class:

This week in class we learned about const in C++ and its applications to pointers and variables. We also had our exam, which I thought was rough. I was not sure how to study and as a result, ended up not studying some of the material that was on the exam. However, I do think it was a fair exam. I just wish we could have received more direction on how we should focus our studying such as a more complete practice exam. I also feel as though some conceptual questions would have been a good addition to the exam, which is what I was expecting. 

## Tip or Pick of the week:

This week, my tip is how to study for the exams. After the exam, I now know what is likely to be expected on exam 2. The first exam was taken from applications we discussed in class and were either mentioned but not implemented or similar to things we created in class. Utilize your cheat sheet and make sure to include any details you are fuzzy about, such as specific syntax, a concept, or how something works in different situations. Something I used to do with these is clutter them with as much information as possible, but I've realized that this is not a good idea because it becomes very hard to find anything on it. Try to put the key points of concepts or interfaces on the sheet and leave the rest off or make short descriptions of things. Organization and simplicity really helps with these. Just remember to not include any code. 
