---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week I have been spending a lot of time teaching myself a new languages. I have been teaching myself HTML, CSS, SQL, and JavaScript. I have also been preparing for my exam on Thursday, which I am already feeling confident about, and found a partner to work with for the project in this class. 

## What's in your way?

Currently, I am trying to get my personal project going and teaching myself the basics of the languages listed above is my first step in the process. It has been going well and I am hoping to be able to move onto the next stage soon. At the same time, I have an exam every Thursday for the next three weeks, so I am trying to stay on top of studying by doing a little bit every day.

## What will you do next week?

Next week, I will hopefully wrap up learning the basics of the four languages for my personal project and finish studying for my exam on Thursday. I am also going to be finishing the project for this class throughtout the week and begin preparing for my exam next Thursday as well.

## Experience in class:

This week, we covered a good amount of detail regarding how an allocator works and the differences between allocation on the stack vesus the heap. We also looked at arrays and vectors in C++. The project has been going well. My partner and I made good progress on our first day working on the project last week. This one doesn't seem to be giving us any issues yet. Hopefully that remains the case.

## Tip or Pick of the week:

This week, I have been teaching myself new skills on both Codecademy and Khan Academy. Both are very popular tools and free. They have some good lessons on many different languages. Khan Academy also has more than just programming languages. I highly recommend both.
Codecademy: https://www.codecademy.com/
Khan Academy: https://www.khanacademy.org/
