---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week, I did a lot of relaxing and enjoying life outside of school. I didn't have much going on this week except for an algorithms exam, which I feel I did pretty well on. School has slowed down as far as pace goes and this continues for the next few weeks. The one thing I like about this semester is that I am having only a couple of busy weeks here and there and then the rest are very relaxed and enjoyable. It's a nice change from last semester with CS 439. 

## What's in your way?

The exam for this class is currently in my way. I am nervous because I haven't received grades I am particularly proud of on the quizzes, so I have been doing a good amount of preparation to hopefully do much better on the exam than I have been on the quizzes. I am also still looking for a summer internship.

## What will you do next week?

Next week, I will be preparing for the exam in this class and enjoy the slow pace of school while I can. I hope to catch up with friends I haven't been able to see much this semester and begin a project to help me stand out and get some interviews for an internship.

## Experience in class:

This week was a nice change to the past few weeks. It was a lot more laid back. This is because there is no project due to the exam coming up later this week. I am unsure of what to expect on the exam though. Professor Downing provided a very detailed list of stuff we need to know and this has helped direct my studying a great deal. 

## Tip or Pick of the week:

HackerRank! It is a great tool for practicing for interviews and just brushing up on language and data structure knowledge. It's great because it gives you feedback against their test cases. They don't tell you what these test cases are and you have to do some thinking to make sure you hit them all. I think it helps with catching edge cases you may have missed or little things you may over think. 
https://www.hackerrank.com/
