---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## What did you do this past week?

In school this week I had an exam and finished project 3 for this course. In class we have been talking about the implementation of vectors. Outside of school, I have been practicing my coding skills on HackerRank, along with learning more about HTML/CSS and JavaScript. 

## What's in your way? 

One obstacle is patiently waiting for the exam grade for this course. The other is preparing for my matrices exam, which I don't anticipate to be very difficult, but still need to devote a good chunk of time to studying for it.

## What will you do next week?

This upcoming week I will be doing much of the same I did last week along with beginning Project 4. I will be continuing to learn JavaScript, developing my personal project, and studying. I also need to start working on producing a short video for a term project in my Contemporary Issues in Computer Science class, which will probably end up taking most of my time this week.

## Experience in class:

This week was very interesting in regards to learning about vectors. I have never really used them before, but it is nice to see how they operate and why they are important. My partner and I finished the project early and ended up having a lot of free time to do stuff outside of school, which was nice. 

## Tip or Pick of the Week:

My tip for this week involves staying active. I have read numerous sources that say that living a healthy lifestyle with plenty of sleep, physical activity, and a good diet leads to a higher level of academic success and a healthy brain. Staying active is very simple. Taking a break from coding and doing a quick little workout for a few minutes is better than doing nothing. This is something I have been trying to improve myself and am trying to remember to take little bits of time throughout the day to doing something physical, like running.
