---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

What did you do this past week?

This past week, I struggled to form a schedule for the semester that I would enjoy. After not being placed into a third CS course, I needed to find a filler course that worked with my schedule and one that I would enjoy. Luckily, I attended the first lecture on Thursday for that third CS course I was attempting to get in to and the professors created a waitlist for those of us on the waitlist who actually showed up on the first day. This paid off as I was notified yesterday that I was guaranteed a spot in the course. Other than that, I have ordered all my textbooks and started getting into a routine that I plan to follow for the rest of the semester.

What's in your way?

Currently the only things in my way for all of my classes are my textbooks arriving so I can do the readings before lecture begins and the adjustment from getting back into my routine for school after the summer months. 

What will you do next week?

Next week I will continue to try to stay ahead of the game and do my homework for all my classes as soon as possible. I plan to start on the first project for this class as soon as possible. 

Experience in class:

Professor Downing's class is a unique class and one I am still trying to adjust to. The consistent interaction between teacher and student is very different from what I am used to in a lecture and I actually appreciate it. 

Tip or Pick of the week:

With school just starting and workloads still being pretty light, I think it is a good idea to make sure you pace yourself and stay on top of things as things begin to intensify. Even with a light workload, I don't think it is a good idea to procrastinate. Get into the habit of starting assignments early and stick to it.
